Add a nonuniform attribute silencing warning on coercions (#15853)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/addendum/implicit-coercions.rst

  and then declares :token:`ident` as a coercion between it source and its target.
  Both forms support the :attr:`local` attribute, which makes the coercion local to the current section.

>   This command supports the :attr:`local` and :attr:`global` attributes.
>   They are described :ref:`here <set_unset_scope_qualifiers>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This command supports the :attr:`local` and :attr:`global` attributes
  (described :ref:`here <set_unset_scope_qualifiers>`) as well as the
  :attr:`nonuniform` attribute.
```

  .. attr:: nonuniform

>      Silence the non uniform inheritance warning (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Silence the non uniform inheritance warning.
```

I think "see below" is not helpful here because the warning message just repeats what's said here.
Furthermore the target is half a page below and a bit buried.
